Friends, if you want to become a general insurance agent, then
this video is
very important for you. In this video,
I will discuss with you how you
can become a general insurance agent for ICC Bank. First of all, I want to make it clear to you
that you do
not have to make any investment here, you do not have to spend even ₹1
here. Secondly, friends,
you do not have to go anywhere; you can do all the work sitting at home. For example,
if you
want to become an agent here, then first of all,
friends, you have to complete the training,
which is done free of cost by
ICC Bank. Second,
you have to get a certificate. Third, you have to
clear the exam, which
most people do. There is a 99% chance that you will
clear the exam. After that, friends,
if you really believe that if you want to
become a general insurance agent for ICC Bank, then we will discuss step by step in this video
how
you get what benefits and
what features you get to see
if you become an agent. After that,
friends, we will also discuss why you should become an
insurance agent here.  You should sell it.
Here we will specifically talk about
why you should sell ICC Bank insurance.
After that, friends, here I will
tell you how much you can earn. We will talk on a monthly
basis. We will talk on a
weekly basis.
If you become an insurance agent,
how much commission do you get.
We will discuss everything here in the video. Stay tuned
till the end of the video because
many people skip the video because
they don't understand anything.
After that, friends, here we will
talk about the documents. What are the eligibility criteria?
If you want to become one,
friends, here I will teach you how to apply live in the video.
You can apply from a mobile phone. So do
n't skip the video anywhere. Watch the video completely
because in this video I am going to
give you complete information. If you
like the video, please like it and
share it with your friends. If you are new to the channel, then make
sure to subscribe to the channel by clicking on it. So, friends, you will find a red colored button below. So, let's go.  Let's start
now friends, first of all you
can see on the screen here, I have
opened the screen of my mobile phone and
here you will see that I
am on the official website of ICC Bank because whatever
information I will share with you, I will
share genuine information. Now friends,
here the question arises that if you
want to become a general insurance agent of
ICC Bank, here you will see that the company
says become a general insurance agent,
then what are the things which are
mandatory for that, we will talk about it one by one, so
here friends, you can see
that under Lombard GIC Limited,
friends,
you get to see the requirement of selling insurance policies here,
here they have
an application iPartner Pro,
under this if you do all the work here, you will
sell insurance, you have to complete the training,
get a certificate,
give an exam, you will do everything inside it,
after that you will be
able to sell insurance from this application only, you do
not have to worry, all the executives of ICC Bank will
call you and
explain all the details, how you have to do it, you just watch
this video.  Now friends, as
we move forward here,
you can see that you get a button of download and
start earning today,
we will click on it later, so
we will discuss further, friends, if
you become an insurance partner of i Partner Pro here, then
what benefits and
what features do you get to see, first of all
I have told you that
you do not have to make any investment, there is an
investment of zero rupees here, you just have to have
interest here, through that you will earn,
again friends,
you can earn around 85 thousand rupees monthly here, this is what
ICC Bank says, friends,
here the policy can be issued instantly online,
you do not have to take any tension, again
when you move forward, the
app of i Mobile Partner is here, you will get it
in the Play Store as well,
you will easily get it in the Apple Store here, now
friends, first of all we talk about
i Partner Pro, that is, friends, after all, why do
we have to sell whatever insurance of ICC Bank,
we need it here, there are
many other insurance companies in the market,
we can buy theirs too  You can also sell it,
but why am I sharing it with you today?
First of all, friends,
here you do
n't see any timeline, you do
n't have to complete any target. You can work from anywhere, from
wherever you want,
and here you can earn. Friends,
now you will see that in a way, a
15-hour certification is done here,
which
you get to see under IRDAI.
This is officially registered through POS agents.
Friends, whenever you take the exam,
you will get the POS agent ID code here.
Through that, you will be
able to sell your insurance here.
Friends, here you will see that the company's
training is for free.
You will be given training
in the iMobile Partner Pro application. You don't have to pay any money. The
ICC Bank people will bear
all your expenses here. Now,
friends, as soon as you complete the training here,
after that you have to take
an exam here. After that, your
certificate will be generated here. After that,
friends, here
you can see the details of any type of policy.  Like
motor, health, business,
you can see such policies and
tell their details to your customers.
Friends,
you can also sell them directly through the application here. There
is no need for much paperwork,
you can do it only through the application. It is
very easy, very convenient and
very flexible for you. Secondly,
friends, you can do it from anywhere. There is no time
boundation, no target and
you do not have to spend even ₹1.
Now friends, as we move forward in the video,
here you will see
why we have to sell insurance. After all, there are
many other companies like iPartner Pro in the market. So
here friends,
your work is done directly through ICC Lombard Limited
Company, which is a professional
company and a very trustworthy company.
You get complete working flexibility and
reliable support from here. You get
support here through ICC Bank. Instant policy is issued,
you do not have to take any tension,
you do not need any paperwork.
Insurance
You get to see the time of selling and timely commission payout.
Again, here you also
get to see easy digital claim. So friends, these are all the
terms which you get
to see in ICC Lombard Private Limited Company.
If you sell their insurance, then
you get all these benefits here.
Now friends, let us talk about
if you become a POS agent,
become an insurance agent, then how much commission do
you get to see, according to that,
friends, how much premium will you sell.
First of all, friends, let us talk about here
that if you sell a car insurance here,
if for example, the
premium here is 25000, then you will get 15% commission.
Here, 3750 will be
transferred to your account. Similarly, friends, let us
talk about here that if you do bike insurance, for which you
carry a minimum of ₹1500, then
you will get 15% commission.
225 will be transferred to your account.
Similarly, friends, if you do health insurance, for which the
premium is 15000, then you will get 15% commission.
2250 rupees will be transferred to your account.
If you do business
insurance and the
premium is 8000, then here at the rate of 10%,
you will see ₹800 in your account.
So friends, you can calculate an estimated here
that if you
sell as many policies on a monthly basis and it
depends on the type of policy, which
policy you sell,
friends, according to that, you get to see your commission payout here,
but
friends, if you work here continuously for two-three months, then
from the fourth month,
friends, I request you that you can
comfortably earn 30 to 40 thousand rupees a month, you do
not have to make any investment, you do not have to
work anywhere, it is not that
you have to work 8 hours or 9 hours, now
friends, here you will see when it comes to eligibility, then
friends, here it is
mandatory for you to be 18 plus, it is mandatory for you to have a
10th certificate, only
then you can become a Piyush Insurance Agent.
Apart from this, friends, there is no
You don't even have to have an education background,
friends, here we talk about,
please note here such banks have to come, you can
register only with one insurance
company and immediately as a POS agent,
or friends, you
can earn a time by becoming a POS agent in a single company, it is
not that you are working with ICC or
Axis Bank,
you will not be able to earn with such multiple banks simultaneously
because friends, your
POS agent ID can be
generated through only one bank at a time or it can be generated
through a single company,
again friends, here you will see that you have to
complete three steps and you
can become that agent, first of all friends,
this is the way to apply, you have to
download the application,
you can see it here, as soon as you open the Play Store,
then here you have to download this application,
iPartner Mobile for
Partner, download this application,
you have to see one thing, ICC Lamba
GST Limited, this is the hallmark, you
should download this application, now friends,
as soon as you download this application
Now friends, here you have to
create your account. After creating the account,
you have to verify
your documents, educational certificate,
ID, Aadhar card. You will do this in this way.
After that, you also have to share your bank account details
so that whatever earnings you
make will be transferred to your account.
After that, friends, you have to
complete 15 hours of training here.
After completing the 15 hours of training, you have to take an exam.
After clearing the exam, you
get to see the certificate of POS agent.
After that, friends, the company provides you complete training.
You get to see all the practical posts.
You can do all the work in the iPartner Pro application and
through this application, you
can also sell insurance in the future. So, you do not have to worry at all. The
executives of ICC Bank will
call you and explain all the work and they will
provide all the training to the people
only. You should be interested. If you want to
become their general insurance agent, then
you can become one. But friends, here
I have one request for you that if you become an agent, then it will be quite
good.  You
can earn monthly because friends,
I have seen a brother in my village
who is an LIC agent and today he
earns two to 2.5 lakhs per month, so there is a lot of
customer potential here and there is
also a lot of earning potential,
so I hope friends, if you liked this video, then
definitely like the video and
share it with your friends,
friends, if you are new to the channel, then make sir,
you will see a red color button below, click on it and
definitely subscribe to the channel
because I keep bringing such information for you
regularly, see you
in the next video, till then friends,
Jai Hind Vande Mataram